ImageMagick® is a software suite to create, edit, compose, or convert 
bitmap images. It can read and write images in a variety of formats 
(over 100) including DPX, EXR, GIF, JPEG, JPEG-2000, PDF, PhotoCD, PNG, 
Postscript, SVG, and TIFF. Use ImageMagick to resize, flip, mirror, 
rotate, distort, shear and transform images, adjust image colors, apply 
various special effects, or draw text, lines, polygons, ellipses and 
Bézier curves. 

The functionality of ImageMagick is typically utilized from the command 
line or you can use the features from programs written in your favorite 
language. Choose from these interfaces: G2F (Ada), MagickCore (C), 
MagickWand (C), ChMagick (Ch), ImageMagickObject (COM+), Magick++ (C++), 
JMagick (Java), L-Magick (Lisp), NMagick (Neko/haXe), MagickNet (.NET), 
PascalMagick (Pascal), PerlMagick (Perl), MagickWand for PHP (PHP), 
IMagick (PHP), PythonMagick (Python), RMagick (Ruby), or TclMagick 
(Tcl/TK). With a language interface, use ImageMagick to modify or create 
images dynamically and automagically. 

ImageMagick is free software delivered as a ready-to-run binary 
distribution or as source code that you may freely use, copy, modify, 
and distribute in both open and proprietary applications. It is 
distributed under the Apache 2.0 license, approved by the OSI and 
recommended for use by the OSSCC. 

The ImageMagick development process ensures a stable API and ABI. Before 
each ImageMagick release, we perform a comprehensive security assessment 
that includes memory and thread error detection to prevent security 
vulnerabilities. 

HomePage: http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php 

